# Wintersun theme

background            = default  default
frame                 = blue    default
window_title          = white    default

directory             = default  default
selected_directory    = cyan     blue    bold

playlist              = cyan     default
selected_playlist     = cyan     blue    bold

file                  = default  default
selected_file         = default  blue    bold

marked_file           = cyan     default  bold
marked_selected_file  = cyan     blue    bold

info                  = cyan     default
selected_info         = cyan     default  bold
marked_info           = cyan     default
marked_selected_info  = cyan     default  bold

title                 = default  default  bold
state                 = blue     default  bold

current_time          = blue     default  bold
time_left             = blue     default  bold
total_time            = cyan     default  bold
time_total_frames     = blue     default

sound_parameters      = cyan     default  bold
legend                = blue     default
disabled              = blue    default
enabled               = default  default

empty_mixer_bar       = default  default
filled_mixer_bar      = black    white

empty_time_bar        = default  default
filled_time_bar       = black    white

entry                 = cyan     default  bold
entry_title           = cyan     default

status                = default	 default
error                 = red      default  bold
message               = cyan     default  bold
plist_time            = blue     default
